docs: add a deep link schema (#3167)
superhero-com/superhero-wallet: docs/deep-link-schema.md

|`x-cancel` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user have rejected connection attempt.|

### Example

```
https://wallet.superhero.com/address?x-success=https%3A%2F%2Ftest.com%2Fsuccess-connection%3Faddress%3D%7Baddress%7D%26networkdId%3D%7BnetworkId%7D&x-cancel=https%3A%2F%2Ftest.com%2Ffail-connection
```

## Sign a transaction

```bash
https://wallet.superhero.com/sign-transaction
  ? transaction=<Encoding.Transaction>
  & networkId=<string>
  & broadcast=<boolean>
  & replace-caller=<boolean>
  & x-success=<success-url>
  & x-cancel=<cancel-url>
```

|URL Params|Description|
|--|--|
|`transaction` (required)|Valid transaction in [Encoding.Transaction](https://docs.aeternity.com/aepp-sdk-js/latest/api/enums/Encoding.html#Transaction) format `tx_`.|
|`networkId` (required)|The `networkId` identifier for the network with which the wallet should sign your transaction.|
|`broadcast` (optional)| This flag is for sending a signed transaction by the wallet.|
|`replace-caller` (optional)| This flag is used to replace the caller's address of the `transaction` with the current address in the wallet.|

> |`x-success` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user have signed the transaction. If the `broadcast` flag is: <br> - `false/not set` callback **must** contain `{transaction}` parameter in order to get the signed transaction; <br> - `true` callback can have `{transaction-hash}` of the broadcasted transaction.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`x-success` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user signs the transaction. If the `broadcast` flag is: <br> - `false/not set` callback **must** contain `{transaction}` parameter in order to get the signed transaction; <br> - `true` callback can have `{transaction-hash}` of the broadcasted transaction.|
```

> |`x-cancel` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user have not signed the transaction. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`x-cancel` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user doesn't sign the transaction. |
```

# broadcast set to false
https://wallet.superhero.com/sign-transaction?transaction=tx_%2BFEMAaEB915T9XgiInpYtGMJXW2rZXyrgEV0vmLeC%2BH5UnnQkDehAfdeU%2FV4IiJ6WLRjCV1tq2V8q4BFdL5i3gvh%2BVJ50JA3C4YPJvVhyAAAAYAYTgEV&networkId=ae_uat&x-success=https%3A%2F%2Ftest.com%2Fsuccess-transaction-signing%3Ftransaction%3D%7Btransaction%7D&x-cancel=https%3A%2F%2Ftest.com%2Ffail-transaction-signing
```

## Sign a message

```bash
https://wallet.superhero.com/sign-message
  ? message=<message>
  & encoding=<string>
  & x-success=<success-url>
  & x-cancel=<cancel-url>
```

|URL Params|Description|
|--|--|
|`message` (required)| Message to sign.|
|`encoding` (optional)| Encoding of the message. Currently only `hex` is supported.|
|`x-success` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user signed the message. Callback **must** contain: <br> - `{signature}` parameter in order to get signed message; <br> - `{address}` parameter in order to get current address.|

> |`x-cancel` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user have rejected message sign.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`x-cancel` (required)| This is a callback URL in case user rejected message sign.|
```
